Recovery to behavior (#298)
ros-planning/navigation.ros.org: concepts/index.rst

However, many classes of controllers and local planners exist.
It is the goal of this project that all controller algorithms can be plugins in this server for common research and industrial tasks.

Behaviors
==========

> Recovery behaviors are a mainstay of fault-tolerant systems.

Reviewer: Also mention this server can host non-recovery behaviors, its a generalized behavior server to share expensive resources like costmaps, TF buffers, etc and allows each behavior to act independently and with its own API

Finally, in the case of a total failure, a recovery may be implemented to call an operators attention for help.
This can be done with email, SMS, Slack, Matrix, etc.

> It is important to note that the behavior server can hold any behavior that need access to costmap or TF buffer not just recovery behaviors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to note that the behavior server can hold any behavior to share access to expensive resources like costmaps or TF buffers, not just recovery behaviors. Each may have their own API.
```
